Usage of command open3align:

open3align spec [nConformers int]

Parameters
----------
spec, type mol-spec: molecules on which the alignment will be performed.

nConformers, type int (optional, default=0): number of conformers that will be 
	generated for each molecule.

Description
-----------
open3align performs an aligment of the indicated molecules, using the 
Open3DALIGN algorithm (Tosco et al., 2011). The alignment can be done by using 
only the conformers already present in the Chimera open models, or by 
calculating the number of conformers for each molecule indicated in the 
nConformers parameter, which is optional. In both cases, the program will return 
the molecules aligned in the best alignment found by the algorithm, indicating 
its score (the higher, the better).

In the case of the calculation of conformers, it is important to note that the 
time of calculation is increased significantly in proportion with the number of 
conformers demanded. It is also important to remark that the conformers 
generation has a stochastic component, which can lead to obtain alignments 
with lower scores than without using conformers. Normally, a higher value of 
nConformers will lead to a higher score.

NOTE: If some of the selected molecules have Hydrogen atoms, they will be removed 
before starting the alignment algorithm.

Examples of use
---------------
open3align #0-5
Alignment of the molecules from id 0 to id 5, without using conformers 
generation.

open3align #0-5 nConformers 10
Alignment of the molecules from id 0 to id 5, generating 10 conformers for each
molecule.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Usage of command p4:

p4 spec [minRepeats int] [mergeTol float]

Parameters
----------
spec, type mol-spec: molecules on which the pharmacophore will be performed.

minRepeats, type int (optional, default=1): number of molecules in which a 
	feature has to be found to incorporate it to the resulting pharmacophore.

mergeTol, type float (optional, default=1.5): two features of the same family
	will be	merged and considered the same if their distance is below this 
	number (in angstroms).

Description
-----------
p4 performs the common pharmacophoric model of the selected molecules, based on 
an enlarged and modified version of the FeatMaps and Feature modules from the 
RDKit library. The feature families that will be shown are: donor, acceptor, 
negative ionizable, positive ionizable, aromatic and lumped hydrophobe. 

With the parameter minRepeats, the user can control the minimum amount of 
molecules that have to contain a feature to show it in the common pharmacophore.

NOTE: When a pharmacophoric model is calculated with p4 command, all the 
previous pharmacophoric features present in the model panel will be removed.

Examples of use
---------------
p4 #0
Shows the pharmacophoric features of the molecule with id 0.

p4 #0-9 minRepeats 5
Shows the pharmacophoric features that are present at least in five of the 
molecules with id from 0 to 9.
